Presentation: Content customization doc enhancements (#3078)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Content/PropertySpecification.md

### Attribute: `name`

Name of the ECProperty to apply overrides to. A `"*"` may be specified to match all properties in current context. The current context is determined based on where the override is specified:

- When used in a [content modifier](./ContentModifier.md#attribute-propertyoverrides), the properties of the ECClass specified by the [`class` attribute](./ContentModifier.md#attribute-class) are used.
- When used in one of the [content specifications](./ContentRule.md#attribute-specifications), properties produced by that specification are used.

### Attribute: `overridesPriority`

> **Default value:** `1000`

There may be multiple property specifications that apply to a single property and there may be conflicts between different attributes. The `overridesPriority` attribute is here to help
solve the problem - if multiple specifications attempt to override the same attribute, the override of specification with highest `overridesPriority` value is used. The order of overrides

> from specification with the same `overridesPriority` is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from specification with the same `overridesPriority` is defined by the order they appear in the overrides list.
```

> from specification with the same `overridesPriority` is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from specification with the same `overridesPriority` is defined by the order they appear in the overrides list
```

Recent changes should make it so the overrides are added in a priority queue style. If two overrides are of the same priority, they should appear in the order they were added.

See [property categorization page](./PropertyCategorization.md) for more details.

```ts
[[include:Content.Customization.PropertySpecification.CategoryId.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using a "category id" attribute](./media/propertyspecification-with-categoryid-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `isDisplayed`

> **Default value:** `undefined`

This attribute allows showing or hiding a property, even when it's hidden at ECSchema level using a custom attribute:

- `undefined` means the property is loaded as requested by the ECSchema.
- `true` force displays the property, even when hidden through ECSchema. **Warning:** setting this to `true` automatically
  hides all other properties of the same class, unless [`doNotHideOtherPropertiesOnDisplayOverride` attribute](#attribute-donothideotherpropertiesondisplayoverride)
  tells otherwise.
- `false` force hides the property, even when it's not hidden through ECSchema.

```ts
[[include:Content.Customization.PropertySpecification.IsDisplayed.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using a "is displayed" attribute](./media/propertyspecification-with-isdisplayed-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `doNotHideOtherPropertiesOnDisplayOverride`

> > **Default value:** `undefined`
> 
> This is a flag to control behavior of `isDisplayed` override when it's set to `true`. By default, forcing property display hides all other properties. Setting `doNotHideOtherPropertiesOnDisplayOverride` to `true` disables that behavior and prevents forcing property display of one property from hiding other properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Default value:** `false`

This attribute controls whether making the property visible using [`isDisplayed`](#attribute-isdisplayed) should automatically hide all other properties of the same class. When `true`, this behavior is disabled.
```
